#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=2-requirements.txt setup.cfg
#
adlfs==2025.8.0
    # via fsspec
aenum==3.1.16
    # via sentinelhub
affine==2.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-stac
    #   rasterio
aiobotocore[boto3]==2.24.2
    # via
    #   odc-cloud
    #   s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   fsspec
    #   gcsfs
    #   s3fs
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.5
    # via datacube
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antimeridian==0.4.3
    # via datacube
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   datacube
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   morecantile
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
azure-core==1.35.1
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-datalake-store==0.0.53
    # via adlfs
azure-identity==1.25.0
    # via adlfs
azure-storage-blob==12.26.0
    # via adlfs
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via pydap
bleach==6.2.0
    # via panel
bokeh==3.8.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   panel
boltons==25.0.0
    # via eodatasets3
boto3==1.40.18
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-cloud
botocore==1.40.18
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-cloud
    #   s3transfer
bottleneck==1.6.0
    # via xarray
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   google-auth
    #   odc-geo
cartopy==0.25.0
    # via xarray
cattrs==25.2.0
    # via
    #   eodatasets3
    #   requests-cache
cdsapi==0.7.6
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   kubernetes
    #   netcdf4
    #   oci
    #   pyogrio
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cryptography
    #   pygit2
    #   pynacl
cftime==1.6.4.post1
    # via
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   nc-time-axis
    #   netcdf4
    #   xarray
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
circuitbreaker==2.1.3
    # via oci
ciso8601==2.3.3
    # via eodatasets3
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   distributed
    #   eodatasets3
    #   fiona
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   rasterio
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   sentinelhub
click-plugins==1.1.1.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
crc32c==2.7.1
    # via numcodecs
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   oci
    #   paramiko
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
    #   pyspnego
    #   smbprotocol
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,complete,dataframe,diagnostics,distributed]==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   fsspec
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   xarray
dask-image==2024.5.3
    # via odc-algo
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via sentinelhub
datacube==1.9.9
    # via
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
datadog==0.52.1
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
decorator==5.2.1
    # via gcsfs
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via eodatasets3
deprecat==2.1.3
    # via datacube
distributed==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   fsspec
    #   odc-algo
donfig==0.8.1.post1
    # via zarr
dropbox==12.0.2
    # via
    #   dropboxdrivefs
    #   fsspec
dropboxdrivefs==1.4.1
    # via fsspec
durationpy==0.10
    # via kubernetes
ecmwf-datastores-client==0.4.0
    # via cdsapi
eodatasets3==1.9.3
    # via
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
fiona==1.10.1
    # via eodatasets3
flox==0.10.6
    # via xarray
fonttools==4.59.2
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[full]==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   adlfs
    #   dask
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   dropboxdrivefs
    #   gcsfs
    #   ocifs
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   s3fs
    #   xarray
fusepy==3.0.1
    # via fsspec
gcsfs==2025.9.0
    # via fsspec
geoalchemy2==0.18.0
    # via datacube
geojson==3.2.0
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
geomad==1.0.0
    # via odc-algo
geopandas==1.1.1
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via gcsfs
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.3.1
    # via gcsfs
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
h5netcdf==1.6.4
    # via xarray
h5py==3.14.0
    # via
    #   eodatasets3
    #   h5netcdf
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   url-normalize
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
invoke==2.2.0
    # via paramiko
isodate==0.7.2
    # via azure-storage-blob
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   distributed
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   pystac
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
kubernetes==33.1.0
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
lark==1.2.2
    # via datacube
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
libarchive-c==5.3
    # via fsspec
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via panel
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==6.0.1
    # via pydap
lz4==4.4.4
    # via dask
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown==3.9
    # via panel
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   cartopy
    #   nc-time-axis
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
mdit-py-plugins==0.5.0
    # via panel
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
morecantile==6.2.0
    # via rio-cogeo
msal==1.33.0
    # via
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via distributed
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiurl==0.3.7
    # via ecmwf-datastores-client
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==2.4.0
    # via bokeh
nc-time-axis==1.4.1
    # via xarray
netcdf4==1.7.2
    # via xarray
networkx==3.5
    # via scikit-image
numba==0.61.2
    # via
    #   numbagg
    #   sparse
    #   xarray
numbagg==0.9.2
    # via xarray
numcodecs[crc32c]==0.16.2
    # via zarr
numexpr==2.12.1
    # via odc-algo
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   antimeridian
    #   bokeh
    #   bottleneck
    #   cartopy
    #   cftime
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   flox
    #   geomad
    #   geopandas
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   nc-time-axis
    #   netcdf4
    #   numba
    #   numbagg
    #   numcodecs
    #   numexpr
    #   numpy-groupies
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-geo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pydap
    #   pyogrio
    #   rasterio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   sentinelhub
    #   shapely
    #   sparse
    #   tifffile
    #   xarray
    #   zarr
numpy-groupies==0.11.3
    # via flox
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sentinelhub
oci==2.160.0
    # via ocifs
ocifs==1.3.2
    # via fsspec
odc-algo==1.1.1
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
odc-apps-dc-tools==1.9.4
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
odc-cloud[async]==0.2.5
    # via
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
odc-geo==0.4.10
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
odc-io==0.2.2
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
odc-loader==0.5.1
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   odc-stac
odc-stac==0.4.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via xarray
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cartopy
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   flox
    #   geoalchemy2
    #   geopandas
    #   h5netcdf
    #   lazy-loader
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   panel
    #   pims
    #   pooch
    #   pyogrio
    #   rioxarray
    #   scikit-image
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   xarray
    #   zarr
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   dask-image
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   flox
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-stac
    #   panel
    #   seaborn
    #   xarray
panel==1.8.0
    # via fsspec
param==2.2.1
    # via
    #   panel
    #   pyviz-comms
paramiko==4.0.0
    # via fsspec
partd==1.4.2
    # via dask
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentinelhub
pims==0.7
    # via dask-image
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via
    #   pooch
    #   requests-cache
ply==3.11
    # via stone
pooch==1.8.2
    # via xarray
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via distributed
psycopg2==2.9.10
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   fsspec
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   morecantile
    #   rio-cogeo
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydap==3.5.6
    # via xarray
pygit2==1.18.2
    # via fsspec
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pynacl==1.6.0
    # via paramiko
pyogrio==0.11.1
    # via geopandas
pyopenssl==24.3.0
    # via oci
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   rasterio
pyproj==3.7.2
    # via
    #   cartopy
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
    #   odc-geo
    #   rioxarray
    #   sentinelhub
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via cartopy
pyspnego==0.12.0
    # via smbprotocol
pystac[validation]==1.14.0
    # via
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stac
    #   pystac-client
    #   rio-stac
pystac-client==0.9.0
    # via odc-apps-dc-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   botocore
    #   datacube
    #   kubernetes
    #   matplotlib
    #   multiurl
    #   oci
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
    #   sentinelhub
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   multiurl
    #   oci
    #   pandas
pyviz-comms==3.0.6
    # via panel
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   donfig
    #   kubernetes
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
rasterio==1.4.3
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   rio-cogeo
    #   rio-stac
    #   rioxarray
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-datalake-store
    #   cdsapi
    #   datadog
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   dropbox
    #   dropboxdrivefs
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   fsspec
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   msal
    #   multiurl
    #   ocifs
    #   panel
    #   pooch
    #   pydap
    #   pystac-client
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   sentinelhub
requests-cache==1.2.1
    # via
    #   eodatasets3
    #   pydap
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   kubernetes
    #   sentinelhub
rio-cogeo==5.4.2
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
rio-stac==0.11.2
    # via
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
rioxarray==0.19.0
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
rtree==1.4.1
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
ruamel-yaml==0.18.15
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   eodatasets3
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2025.9.0
    # via fsspec
s3transfer==0.13.1
    # via boto3
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via odc-algo
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   eodatasets3
    #   flox
    #   pydap
    #   scikit-image
    #   xarray
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via xarray
sentinelhub==3.11.1
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
setuptools-scm==9.2.0
    # via deafrica (setup.cfg)
shapely==2.1.1
    # via
    #   antimeridian
    #   cartopy
    #   datacube
    #   eodatasets3
    #   geopandas
    #   odc-geo
    #   sentinelhub
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   dropbox
    #   kubernetes
    #   python-dateutil
    #   stone
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
smbprotocol==1.15.0
    # via fsspec
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sparse==0.17.0
    # via xarray
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   datacube
    #   geoalchemy2
stone==3.3.1
    # via dropbox
structlog==25.4.0
    # via eodatasets3
tblib==3.1.0
    # via distributed
tifffile==2025.9.9
    # via
    #   dask-image
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
    #   sentinelhub
tomli==2.2.1
    # via sentinelhub
tomli-w==1.2.0
    # via sentinelhub
toolz==1.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   datacube
    #   distributed
    #   flox
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-apps-dc-tools
    #   odc-stac
    #   partd
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   distributed
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   cdsapi
    #   fsspec
    #   multiurl
    #   panel
    #   sentinelhub
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   cattrs
    #   ecmwf-datastores-client
    #   numcodecs
    #   odc-stac
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sentinelhub
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   zarr
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
url-normalize==2.2.1
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   distributed
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
utm==0.8.1
    # via sentinelhub
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
webob==1.8.9
    # via pydap
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via kubernetes
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecat
xarray[accel,complete,etc,io,parallel,viz]==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   datacube
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
    #   eodatasets3
    #   odc-algo
    #   odc-loader
    #   odc-stac
    #   rioxarray
xyzservices==2025.4.0
    # via bokeh
yarl==1.20.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   deafrica (setup.cfg)
zarr==3.1.2
    # via xarray
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools

